# Development Plan
### Team 15, Team Name
Mitchell Hynes\
Richard Fan\
Akshit Gulia\
Rafeed Iqbal\
Kyle D'Souza

## Revision History
***Table 1: Revision History***
  **Date** | **Developer(s)** | **Change** |
  -------- | ------------------ | ------------------------ |
  Sept 19, 2024    |  Richard Fan           | Conversion of tex to markdown |
  Date2    |  Name(s)           |      Description of changes |
  \...     |  \...              |      \... |


[\[Put your introductory blurb here. Often the blurb is a brief roadmap
of what is contained in the report. ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

[\[Additional information on the development plan can be found in the
[lecture
slides](https://gitlab.cas.mcmaster.ca/courses/capstone/-/blob/main/Lectures/L02b_POCAndDevPlan/POCAndDevPlan.pdf?ref_type=heads).
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

# Confidential Information?

[\[State whether your project has confidential information from
industry, or not. If there is confidential information, point to the
agreement you have in place. ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

[\[For most teams this section will just state that there is no
confidential information to protect. ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

# IP to Protect

[\[State whether there is IP to protect. If there is, point to the
agreement. All students who are working on a project that requires an IP
agreement are also required to sign the "Intellectual Property Guide
Acknowledgement." ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

# Copyright License

[\[What copyright license is your team adopting. Point to the license in
your repo. ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

# Team Meeting Plan

[\[How often will you meet? where? ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

[\[If the meeting is a physical location (not virtual), out of an
abundance of caution for safety reasons you shouldn't put the location
online ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

[\[How often will you meet with your industry advisor? when? where?
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

[\[Will meetings be virtual? At least some meetings should likely be
in-person. ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

[\[How will the meetings be structured? There should be a chair for all
meetings. There should be an agenda for all meetings.
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

# Team Communication Plan

[\[Issues on GitHub should be part of your communication plan.
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

# Team Member Roles

[\[You should identify the types of roles you anticipate, like
notetaker, leader, meeting chair, reviewer. Assigning specific people to
those roles is not necessary at this stage. In a student team the role
of the individuals will likely change throughout the year.
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

# Workflow Plan

-   How will you be using git, including branches, pull request, etc.?

-   How will you be managing issues, including template issues, issue
    classification, etc.?

-   Use of CI/CD

# Project Decomposition and Scheduling

-   How will you be using GitHub projects?

-   Include a link to your GitHub project

[\[How will the project be scheduled? This is the big picture schedule,
not details. You will need to reproduce information that is in the
course outline for deadlines. ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

# Proof of Concept Demonstration Plan

What is the main risk, or risks, for the success of your project? What
will you demonstrate during your proof of concept demonstration to
convince yourself that you will be able to overcome this risk?

# Expected Technology

[\[What programming language or languages do you expect to use? What
external libraries? What frameworks? What technologies. Are there major
components of the implementation that you expect you will implement,
despite the existence of libraries that provide the required
functionality. For projects with machine learning, will you use
pre-trained models, or be training your own model?
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

[\[The implementation decisions can, and likely will, change over the
course of the project. The initial documentation should be written in an
abstract way; it should be agnostic of the implementation choices,
unless the implementation choices are project constraints. However,
recording our initial thoughts on implementation helps understand the
challenge level and feasibility of a project. It may also help with
early identification of areas where project members will need to augment
their training. ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

Topics to discuss include the following:

-   Specific programming language

-   Specific libraries

-   Pre-trained models

-   Specific linter tool (if appropriate)

-   Specific unit testing framework

-   Investigation of code coverage measuring tools

-   Specific plans for Continuous Integration (CI), or an explanation
    that CI is not being done

-   Specific performance measuring tools (like Valgrind), if appropriate

-   Tools you will likely be using?

[\[git, GitHub and GitHub projects should be part of your technology.
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

# Coding Standard

[\[What coding standard will you adopt? ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

# Appendix --- Reflection {#appendix-reflection .unnumbered}

[\[Not required for CAS 741 ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

The purpose of reflection questions is to give you a chance to assess
your own learning and that of your group as a whole, and to find ways to
improve in the future. Reflection is an important part of the learning
process. Reflection is also an essential component of a successful
software development process.

Reflections are most interesting and useful when they're honest, even if
the stories they tell are imperfect. You will be marked based on your
depth of thought and analysis, and not based on the content of the
reflections themselves. Thus, for full marks we encourage you to answer
openly and honestly and to avoid simply writing "what you think the
evaluator wants to hear."

Please answer the following questions. Some questions can be answered on
the team level, but where appropriate, each team member should write
their own response:

1.  Why is it important to create a development plan prior to starting
    the project?

2.  In your opinion, what are the advantages and disadvantages of using
    CI/CD?

3.  What disagreements did your group have in this deliverable, if any,
    and how did you resolve them?

# Appendix --- Team Charter {#appendix-team-charter .unnumbered}

[\[borrows from [University of Portland Team
Charter](https://engineering.up.edu/industry_partnerships/files/team-charter.pdf)
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

## External Goals {#external-goals .unnumbered}

[\[What are your team's external goals for this project? These are not
the goals related to the functionality or quality fo the project. These
are the goals on what the team wishes to achieve with the project.
Potential goals are to win a prize at the Capstone EXPO, or to have
something to talk about in interviews, or to get an A+, etc.
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

## Attendance {#attendance .unnumbered}

### Expectations

Team members are expected to attend all scheduled meetings as reasonably
possible. If a team member needs to miss a meeting, they should inform the team
beforehand. During the meeting, team members are expected to be on time and
stay for the entire duration of the meeting unless prior arrangements have been
made, something urgent comes up during the meeting (see _Acceptable Excuse_),
or the meeting goes over the scheduled amount of time.

### Acceptable Excuse {#acceptable-excuse .unnumbered}

[\[What constitutes an acceptable excuse for missing a meeting or a
deadline? What types of excuses will not be considered acceptable?
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

### In Case of Emergency {#in-case-of-emergency .unnumbered}

[\[What process will team members follow if they have an emergency and
cannot attend a team meeting or complete their individual work promised
for a team deliverable? ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

## Accountability and Teamwork {#accountability-and-teamwork .unnumbered}

### Quality {#quality .unnumbered}

[\[What are your team's expectations regarding the quality of team
members' preparation for team meetings and the quality of the
deliverables that members bring to the team?
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

### Attitude {#attitude .unnumbered}

[\[What are your team's expectations regarding team members' ideas,
interactions with the team, cooperation, attitudes, and anything else
regarding team member contributions? Do you want to introduce a code of
conduct? Do you want a conflict resolution plan? Can adopt existing
codes of conduct. ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

### Stay on Track {#stay-on-track .unnumbered}

[\[What methods will be used to keep the team on track? How will your
team ensure that members contribute as expected to the team and that the
team performs as expected? How will your team reward members who do well
and manage members whose performance is below expectations? What are the
consequences for someone not contributing their fair share?
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

[\[You may wish to use the project management metrics collected for the
TA and instructor for this. ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

[\[You can set target metrics for attendance, commits, etc. What are the
consequences if someone doesn't hit their targets? Do they need to bring
the coffee to the next team meeting? Does the team need to make an
appointment with their TA, or the instructor? Are there incentives for
reaching targets early? ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

### Team Building {#team-building .unnumbered}

[\[How will you build team cohesion (fun time, group rituals, etc.)?
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

### Decision Making {#decision-making .unnumbered}

[\[How will you make decisions in your group? Consensus? Vote? How will
you handle disagreements? ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}
