---
author:
- 
title: |
  Problem Statement and Goals\
---

::: {#TblRevisionHistory}
  **Date**   **Developer(s)**   **Change**
  ---------- ------------------ ------------------------
  Date1      Name(s)            Description of changes
  Date2      Name(s)            Description of changes
  \...       \...               \...

  : Revision History
:::

# Problem Statement

[\[You should check your problem statement with the [problem statement
checklist](https://github.com/smiths/capTemplate/blob/main/docs/Checklists/ProbState-Checklist.pdf).
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

[\[You can change the section headings, as long as you include the
required information. ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

## Problem

## Inputs and Outputs

[\[Characterize the problem in terms of "high level" inputs and outputs.
Use abstraction so that you can avoid details.
---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

## Stakeholders

## Environment

[\[Hardware and software environment ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

# Goals

# Stretch Goals

# Challenge Level and Extras

[\[State your expected challenge level (advanced, general or basic). The
challenge can come through the required domain knowledge, the
implementation or something else. Usually the greater the novelty of a
project the greater its challenge level. You should include your
rationale for the selected level. Approval of the level will be part of
the discussion with the instructor for approving the project. The
challenge level, with the approval (or request) of the instructor, can
be modified over the course of the term. ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

[\[Teams may wish to include extras as either potential bonus grades, or
to make up for a less advanced challenge level. Potential extras include
usability testing, code walkthroughs, user documentation, formal proof,
GenderMag personas, Design Thinking, etc. Normally the maximum number of
extras will be two. Approval of the extras will be part of the
discussion with the instructor for approving the project. The extras,
with the approval (or request) of the instructor, can be modified over
the course of the term. ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

# Appendix --- Reflection {#appendix-reflection .unnumbered}

[\[Not required for CAS 741 ---SS\]]{style="color: blue"}

The purpose of reflection questions is to give you a chance to assess
your own learning and that of your group as a whole, and to find ways to
improve in the future. Reflection is an important part of the learning
process. Reflection is also an essential component of a successful
software development process.

Reflections are most interesting and useful when they're honest, even if
the stories they tell are imperfect. You will be marked based on your
depth of thought and analysis, and not based on the content of the
reflections themselves. Thus, for full marks we encourage you to answer
openly and honestly and to avoid simply writing "what you think the
evaluator wants to hear."

Please answer the following questions. Some questions can be answered on
the team level, but where appropriate, each team member should write
their own response:

1.  What went well while writing this deliverable?

2.  What pain points did you experience during this deliverable, and how
    did you resolve them?

3.  How did you and your team adjust the scope of your goals to ensure
    they are suitable for a Capstone project (not overly ambitious but
    also of appropriate complexity for a senior design project)?
